I think I couldn't say that.
Thank you.
Oh, my God.
... ... ...
Thank you.
the the
... ...
.
Thank you.
Oh, my God.
Hey, put another one.
Thank you.
THE END
.
Thank you.
... ... ...
The End
Thank you.
... ... ... ...
.
Oh Oh
Thank you.
.
The End
Alaska with 102.5, WCRB, Mozart, piano concerto number 24.
Piennist Alfred Brindle with Sir Neville Mariner in the Academy of St.
Martin and Fields, 24 before 3 o'clock, and we'll check 49 degrees.
I'm Ray Brown, coming up, music by Sir Arthur Sullivan, Arcangelo Corelli, and then some favorite pieces from St.
John's and Debbie Fee.
Well, if you're a new WCRB Classical Advantage cardholder, you should know that you're automatically entered to win prizes every week of the year.
It's Thursday, looking to see if you're the winner of a pair of pickets to an evening of romantic Italian opera fans.
For the Newton Symphony Orchestra, January 25th, at the Aquinas College Auditorium in Newton Corner, Dr. Jeffrey Rink has invited some of Boston's most popular operatic voices to perform in the concert using Ciccini, Verde, Cassini and Bellini.
To learn more about the WCRB Classical Advantage card by calling 617-964-WCRB.
Saturday night, WCRB listeners heard the incomparable George Kirschman perform Rhapsody in Blue at the Boston Fox at Symphony Hall.
Kirschman performed on the Yamaha Disco Deer Player Piano.
This weekend, you can listen to George Gershwin play on the Yamaha Discovere in your own home.
The Discovere is a far side from an ordinary player's piano.
It combines a traditional acoustic Yamaha piano with state-of-the-art computer technology.
For the Gershwin performances, the information encoded by Gershwin himself on traditional piano rolls more than 60 years ago was converted into a computer image.
The data was stored on a floppy disk and then played live on the disk of the air.
Austin Pops was stuck, able to accompany
Yo no quiero pasar pruebas.
After Sarah was taken, I found a Sunday School paper that she had done in Sunday School, and it was probably done a month before.
And it asked three questions, and she had written her little answers out.
And the first question was, how do people see that you love God?
And she said, we have a Bible in our house and we have a manger scene at Christmas.
And the second question was, do you tell people about God?
And she had said, no, I'm shy.
And I need you to hear the third question.
How do people know you love God?
And she wrote...
I forgive them.
Three years pulled.
Many people live long lives, decades, and they don't get it.
Sarah Elizabeth Pryor got it.
She got it at age three, she got it at age four, she got it at age five, six, seven, eight, and nine.
Barbara Pryor, Sarah's mother.
Sarah would have celebrated her 22nd birthday today.
Her death was confirmed after the positive identification of a skull fragment found a few miles from her Wayland home.
Other stories this afternoon.
Health maintenance organizations could face stiffer regulations in this state.
Acting Governor Solucci has filed a bill that would create a managed care ombudsman to help patients exercise their rights.
Governor Solucci says the legislation will ensure health considerations drive doctors' decisions rather than money.
Legislators around the country are making similar proposals relating to HMOs.
ABC's Bill Greenwood reports on growing criticism of the managed care industry.
With more than a thousand health care bills now pending in state legislatures, the managed care industry sees a distinct link between critical news coverage and a growing public backlash.
A study by the Kaiser Family Foundation found that 65% of the news reports about managed healthcare have been neutral.
But during the past eight years, the number of critical reports more than doubled, jumping from 12 to 28%.
Kaiser reviewed 2,100 news stories, including TV broadcasts, which were found to be the most damaging.
Bill Greenwood, ABC News, Washington.
And a new strain of influenza may be spreading around the country.
The sickness is different from the flus that are covered by this year's vaccine.
They've hit two states so far.
The type A Sydney flu has been found in about 40% of all cases studied by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention since October.
The new flu places the elderly and the chronically ill at greater risk.
WBZ Newstime now at 2.39 and business news is coming up.
How has humor changed in America?
For that matter, do we still have a sense of humor in America?
I'm David Brodnoy, Boston University professor and humor specialist Joseph Boskin joins me tonight at 10 to talk about our funny bone right here on WBZ Newsradio 1030.
WBZ News Time is coming up on 2.40 now.
In New England business, Millennium Pharmaceuticals of Cambridge has been granted a patent for what it calls its first patent in the field of predictive medicine.
The patent is entitled, Methods for the Diagnosis of Body Weight Disorders, Including Obesity.
The patent covers methods for diagnosing weight disorders in which the UCPH gene transcript or the UCPH protein level is measured.
That protein discovered by Millennium is involved in energy expenditure and in weight control.
The patent test can be used to help understand the genetic basis of a patient's weight disorder and also to diagnose individuals who are at risk of developing a body weight disorder such as obesity.
And inflation continues to be low.
The Labor Department says the consumer price index rose one-tenth of one percent for the month of December.
All of 1997, inflation at the retail level was up just 1.7 percent, the smallest rise in 11 years.
The December core CPI, that's minus food and energy, rose two-tenths.
Analysts do not expect inflation pressures to build anytime soon, held in check by Asia's troubled economy.
And to check on Wall Street now, the Dow 30 Industrials are up 53 points at 7,700.
The standard in 4,500 is up 9, and the NASDAQ composite is up 26 points.
In Boston, 48 degrees.
It is drizzling, and here is the extended WBZ AccuWeather forecast with meteorologist Elliot Abrams.
Bills getting milder out there, a good thing, because we don't expect any ice or anything like that.
Expecting afternoon temperatures to get up to 48 degrees.
Flurry possible this evening, then clearing low 16 inland at 24 at the coast.
Far brisk and cold, sunshine at few clouds by 32.
Thursday, freezing cloudy, it's high 34.
There could be some snow late Thursday into Friday.
Friday, it's high 32.
Next weather in just 10 minutes.
I'm WBZ, active weather meteorologist, Elliot Abrams.
And again, we are at 48 degrees.
It is drizzling, and we have traffic coming up in about a minute and a half.
But right now, let's have a look at the law with attorney Neil Chayette.
This is Neil Chayette looking at the law.
When a football coach runs his students to death, will the coach and the school be held responsible?
That was the question in a case recently decided by a federal district court in South Texas
16-year-old Donald Roventini was participating in the first day of fall football practice, which consisted of more than four hours of intense outdoor physical activity on a hot and humid summer day.
According to the lawsuit later filed by Donald's family, there was no rest, not enough water.
Near the end of the practice, Donald and the others were required to perform 200-yard sprints within 45 seconds.
Donald said he didn't feel well, but the coaches told him to go ahead anyway, and a few minutes later he collapsed.
He allegedly received no medical assistance while the coaches held a team meeting a few yards away.
Donald died a few hours later, and in the lawsuit that followed against 13 coaches and the school district, the family claimed violation of Donald's constitutional rights to life, liberty, health, safety, and bodily integrity.
The defense asked the case be dismissed, but the court said the Constitution protects a school child from deprivation of his life caused by the callous indifference of public school officials.
So Donald's case will continue for trial, and coaches should make sure that the first down does not become the last down, and that the students for whom they are responsible do not enter the end zone.
This is Neal Chayette looking at the law.
WBZ New Time at 2.43, and it's time for a good look at that traffic.
Let's see what's happening on this Tuesday afternoon.
Here's WBZ's Ian Gordon.
This report being brought to you by Frugal Fannies, downtown Boston.
Central Artery southbound, a minor accident reported in the right lane near the High Street ramp, and that is going to cause a delay, leaving the lower deck of Route 93.
The impression of Route 128 as follows.
The upper portion, no backups yet between Waltham and Redding.
128 southbound in the lower portion.
is at the speed limit leaving the mass bike down to Route 24 in Randolph.
Mass bike westbound off and running to Route 495.
Stahl Drive on the way in, moderate volume at the Fiedler footbridge.
Sullivan inbound is still quite windy on the center span.
Sumner out of Logan, no complaints.
Expressway north, congestion continues from the Ponce to the gas tank and again at East Berkeley Street.
We'll check it again in less than 10 minutes.
Ian Gordon, WBZ 24-hour traffic network.
This weekend at Frugal Fanny's.
Save on Evans-Picone Wolf Coats, just $99.95.
Plus Larry Levine microfiber jackets, just $55.
This weekend at Frugal Fanny's.
and all about sports is coming along in one minute from wbz's gil santo are you months behind on credit cards car loans the mortgage or taxes is debt piling up faster and faster with no end in sight is your bank the irs or revenue department threatening repossession or foreclosure don't be discouraged call attorneys leonard and john ulean authors of the book in debt help is on the way at 781-848-5980 to get instant relief from all of your creditors
Put an end to those annoying calls at work or home.
Stop all collection activity.
Save your home or business.
And keep all your assets.
Ulean & Associates have helped thousands of individuals and business owners resolve their financial problems.
Maybe they can help you.
For a free consultation, call Ulean & Associates.
That's 781-848-5980.
Call now for your free consultation and relieve the stress and worry of your financial problems.
Just call attorneys Leonard and John Ulyan today at 781-848-5980 and be on your way to financial recovery and a greater peace of mind.
WBC Newstime, 2.45.
And on the WBC Midday News, it's sports time.
Here's Gil Tanto.
The Celtics play tonight.
The Bruins are off tonight.
The Bruins a 1-1 tie last night with the New Jersey Devils at the Fleet Center.
The reason the Bruins got the tie in this game against a very tough New Jersey Devils team, says Ray Bork, is because the Bruins are willing to play a patient, disciplined game.
Oh, my God.
Oh.
Come on.
With his hands over me.
One of the ones I had there, I was just one of the leaders for 100 years.
I didn't do the stuff in it.
Thank you.
Oh!
I'm
you
As Pike West complains free at those less than tolls.
128, the upper portion driving north, a rapid pace to routes 4 and 225.
In Lexington, we'll check it again in less than 10 minutes, Ian Gordon, WBZ 24-hour traffic network.
With over 14 million fans worldwide, Yanni is truly an international superstar.
Fans will love his album Tribune on Virgin, and they can get it now at Sam Goody.
WBC News time at 2.54.
You got a little bit of a sneak preview already.
Dave Maynard is going to be stopping by in just one minute with the other side, and it's all about a book on Barbie.
When was the last time you made your dreams come true?
When was the last time you witnessed the thunderous calving of a glacier, watched orca whales at play, or looked up breathlessly to take in the majesty of Mount McKinley?
For anyone who dreams of visiting Alaska, Holland America West Tours offers the best way to see it.
You'll sail in five-star luxury, visit Klondike Gold Rush Country, and Denali National Park.
If you book your Holland America West Tours Alaska vacation before February 13th, you'll save 25%.
Seven-day cruise has started just $9.49, including four charges and taxes.
Call your travel agent today and finally make this once-in-a-lifetime dream a reality.
When was the last time your vacation was absolute perfection?
Holland America West Tours, it's time.
Forget Malibu Barbie, welfare queen Barbie.
Might be more appropriate for this day and age, but she's here in living color in a new book.
I'm Dave Mended.
We will open the book on the other side.
In a moment.
In 1906, as the women of America made a commitment to do the same work as men,
CNA made a commitment to the women of America by being one of the first to ensure them for accidents and illnesses.
CNA understands that any commitment carries with it a certain degree of risk.
So for over a century, they've been committed to helping people manage their risks, be they ordinary or extraordinary.
CNA, for all the commitments you make.
Imagine how dirty a carpet with 40,000 people a day walking on it can get.
Hi, I'm David Oreck.
I'm here at International Airport where my 8-pound Oreck XL is a vacuum of choice.
In fact, my Oreck XL is the choice of cleaning professionals in thousands of hotels, offices, and schools around the world.
To try it in your own home for 15 days, call 1-800-989-4200.
That's 1-800-989-4200.
And I'll get it to you faster than you can find your luggage.
But you know, Barbie is a bit more versatile than we thought.
At least she's portrayed that way in a new book called Barbie Unbound, written by Vermont author Sarah Strohmeyer.
Up here in Vermont, everyone is so politically correct.
They all wear Birkenstocks and breastfeed their children until their kids are three, that Barbie is a pariah.
And they take Barbie really seriously.
So what I decided to do is kind of poke fun at them and also at Barbie herself and decided to turn Barbie into...
uh historical and contemporary role models that women have endured strohmeyer has a rather twisted take on america's favorite doll yeah we have overweight adolescent outcast barbie she's fat she's got pimples we have barbie goes the co-op she's got you know hairy legs and uh we have pms barbie with fangs and she's about to rip ken to shreds it's kind of a sampling of kind of the contemporary situations and then historically we've got uh barbie of arc like joan of arc and uh
Oh, Barbie the French Revolution with her own little guillotine.
And the whole idea here is just kind of, you know, to point out how silly Barbie is as an icon or as a model, because these are roles real women have endured for years, and the effect is pretty funny.
But the book is more than just fun.
There's an underlying message here.
Well, I think we have to take another look at the stereotypes put up for kids, but also for women who have been tortured by Barbie.
And believe me, there are a lot of them.
This gives them some relief, too, and it's their chance to get back at her.
The book is called Barbie Unbound, a parody of the Barbie obsession, and it's available at local bookstores throughout New England.
Oh, God bless us, everyone.
I'm Dave Maynard on the other side for WBZ Newsradio, 10.30.
Thank you, Dave.
It's preview time.
Let's check in with WBZ's Anthony Silva, see what is ahead on the WBZ afternoon news.
Only Dave Maynard would ever report on Barbie with hairy legs.
I've got to tell you.
Thank you very much.
The vice president is expected to tour some storm-ravaged areas of Maine.
We'll have the very latest for you coming up.
Also just ahead, the United Nations Security Council is preparing yet another statement denouncing Iraq's refusal to cooperate with those U.N.
weapons inspectors.
And what is the largest growing area for some Massachusetts high-tech companies?
Would you believe Eastern Europe?
That story coming up in New England Business.
Out here on the range, a kid can get mighty hungry.
Turbo-weeds are blowing, hunger's growing too.
But I'm coming home on here's what I want from you.
I want the blue, cross macaroni and cheese, the blue box food.
Well, if mama wants to present, she's
Hi, I'm David Oreck, maker of the 8-pound Oreck XL.
There are over a million of my 8-pound upright shoes in the world's finest hotels, airports, offices, and home.
now you can try my eight pound hotel back in your home absolutely free without obligation for 15 days or for a free brochure call the factory 1-800-989-4200 hey all you have to lose is the hidden dirt your present vacuum leaves behind call 1-800-989-4200
you're listening to the 50 000 watt clear channel voice of news radio wbc boston news radio your first choice all day every day it's three o'clock 48 degrees here in boston wbc acu weather meteorologist kara schwindenhammer says for tonight a couple of flurries here clearing brisk and turning much colder lows ranging from 14 inland
And tomorrow's crazy cold, sunshine, a few clouds, a high of just around 30.
Tomorrow night, mainly here, early on, an increasing amount of heat with temperatures in the world.
Good afternoon, I'm Anthony Solt, WBZ Ears.
Well, Vice President Al Gore is expecting to tour storm-ravaged areas of Maine later this week.
Maine Congressman John Balgache says the Vice President will most likely fly into Grunswick Naval Air Station on Thursday and tour the hardest-hit communities of Augusta and Lewiston.
Meanwhile, utility workers up in Maine say they're making more progress getting everyone plugged back in.
Central Maine Power says 122,000 customers are still without electricity.
Major General Earl Adams of Maine's Emergency Management Agency is with me now.
General Adams, thank you very much for joining us.
Thank you.
Tell me about the latest updates here.
How many people remain to be plugged in, and how has the progress gone?
Throughout the affected area, there's still about 135 customers that are without power.
Our shelter count has dropped to about 111 shelters that are operating now, and the count in those shelters
has dropped from a high of 2,800 to about 1,920 as we speak, so indicative for more and more people getting back online.
Any time you think when everybody is back online, what do you think for the deadline here?
The Down East area in Machias, Elton, Washington County could be a considerable time yet before they're back online, but I wouldn't dare to venture a guess as to how many days that may take.
Now, what about the conditions up there?
Are you still suffering some more roundouts and blackouts?
Not nearly as many.
We've had three or four incidents today that were caused by other things, from vehicle accidents.
Of course, the weather has come in again today with some snow and some freezing rain in parts of the affected areas, which is hampering the work a little bit.
Okay, sir, thank you very much.
Okay, we also want to thank Massachusetts for their help.
Yes, I understand we sent up a lot of units.
They sent up a lot of generators up here that were a great help in our shelters.
Okay, thank you very much.
Thank you.
That's Major General Earl Adams of Maine's Emergency Management Agency and his good neighbor, thanking Massachusetts energy companies as well.
In New Hampshire, things are slowly getting back to normal after the storm.
The number of people without power is dwindling, but more nasty weather could bring new problems.
Less than 10,000 people are in the dark this afternoon up in New Hampshire, but the freezing rain forecast for today could cause more outages.
And in Canada, more than a million Quebecers.
are spending another day in the cold and in the dark.
Officials are urging those still living in their frigid homes to evacuate before another wave of bitterly cold temperatures moves in tonight.
It may be a while before everyone in Quebec is plugged back in.
Officials say it could be another week, maybe as much as two weeks.
will be busy news time, 303.
Traffic on the threes, brought to you by the return of Ben and Teller at the Schubert Theater.
And here's Ian Gordon again.
128 southbound at Route 93 in Redding, that's the all-important cloverleaf.
Three-car accident, 128 both directions are now stalled out.
Route 93 northbound, also a tie-up on the ramps to 128 in Redding.
As fight west out of the city, a short wait at the Alston-Brighton Falls,
Memorial Drive inbound is fine to Land Boulevard.
Starro Drive also with no reported incidents on your way to Leverage Circle.
Tobin Bridge on the way in.
Windy on the center span.
Sumner Tunnel out of Logan Airport just pick a toll booth.
Lower Jagger Brute 93.
Artery South combination is now somewhat heavy.
Expressway northbound.
Congestion from the Ponson to the gas tank and again at East Berkeley Street.
Central Artery northbound is heavy and slow, especially in the right lane.
through the callahan we'll check it again in less than 10 minutes he and gordon wbc 24-hour traffic network they're back they're penn and teller from crazy stunts with dives and fire to brand new stuff like the amazing bullet catch penn and teller want to prove to you why the new york times calls them genius on broadway penn and teller two weeks only beginning february 3rd at the schubert theater this is joe kill the local weather guy hey joe how's the weather looking looks like great
Thanks, Joe.
Amazing thing is, he's right 90% of the time.
Hey, Joe, we're thinking about having a picnic later.
How's it looking out there?
Should clear up.
Thanks, Joe.
Well, there's someone else with that amazing percentage.
It's Kaplan.
Kaplan is the leader in preparing students for tests like the SAT.
A strong SAT score will help your team get into the college of his or her choice.
That's where Kaplan comes in.
90% of Kaplan's students get into one of their top choice colleges.
90%.
And it's no wonder.
Kaplan's outstanding teachers were closely suited, giving them personalized attention and support.
Private tutoring is also available.
So come in out of the rain and look forward to a bright future with the proven results of Kaplan.
Kaplan SAP classes are forming now.
So come today to enroll.
1-800-CAP-TEST.
That's 1-800-K-A-P-T-E-S-T.
Catholic, the leader in test practice.
WBZ news time now is 3.05.
The UN Security Council is referring in another statement, announcing Iraq's refusal to cooperate with UN weapons inspectors.
Iraq says will not allow any team headed by American Scott Ritter to do its work.
Iraq believes he's a CIA spy.
Meanwhile, the Clinton administration is once again weighing one option to take against Iraq.
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright says the military strikes.
against Iraq are still possible.
It is absolutely essential that Saddam Hussein live up to his obligations and that he not be a threat to the region.
And therefore, we will continue to be vigilant and determined and we do not rule out any options.
Ambassador Bill Richardson says that the United States wants to resolve this dispute diplomatically, but he says they are not ruling out other options.
A funeral today for Sarah Friar.
On what would have been her 22nd birthday, the family and friends of Sarah back to Wayland Church to pay their last respects to the girl who vanished 12 years ago.
A series of reports now on the funeral.
Anthony, in the small congregational church where the service was held, a white costume rested at the foot of the altar, draped with flowers of yellow, purple, and white.
It was a service that involved Sarah's friends and family, including her sister Meg, who read a poll about a message from God to all parents.
I love you for a little time, a child of mine, she said.
The youth allows the while she lives and long for when she's dead.
It may be six or seven years or twenty-two or three.
But will you till I call her back and take care of her for me?
The 75-minute service was filled with tears, with emotion, at times, laughter.
Laughter when Sarah's mother, Barbara, remembered a vibrant little girl, found excitement in everything.
Because of the size of the small church, many of Sarah's friends listened to the service outside.
I remember back in 1985, one of my stories at college was a Sarah Pryor case.
A story about the search in the woods near her whaler's home.
But now in 1998, the folks who helped search for her are the same folks that I covered back then.
They were at the church today and whaler to say goodbye.
Kathy Grunwald was one of them.
She's a family friend and did in fact search for Sarah.
My husband and I took part in the search where we literally held hands and combed the field north on Concord Road, north of her home.
I think that those memories are vivid today because her remains found in Wayland makes us all wonder, you know, had she been here all along, what about the search that we did?
And now, Grunwald says, there is somewhat of a closure, but there are still a lot of questions.
There is a pure form of anger and feeling threatened.
than perhaps we felt before, because now our attention can be shifted to what exactly did happen, and that's very difficult to take in right now.
And if Sarah Pryor is buried today, that question still remains unanswered.
Carol Lanigan, WBZ Newsradio 1030.
Okay, thank you, Carol.
WBZ Newsradio 1030.
Now that Tom Menino has been inaugurated into the next millennium, what's his vision for the city of Boston?
I'm David Bred and I find out tonight at 9 with the mayor.
He joins me in studio right here on WBZ News Radio 1030.
Hi, I'm Tom Bosley with a fascinating tip.
For only about a buck and a half a day, you can buy an amazing amount of term life insurance through select quote.
For example, it'll buy a man 30, non-smoker, a million dollar policy.
Or a man 40, a $700,000 policy.
All this for around the cost of a cup of coffee and a donut a day.
Isn't it time you call SelectQuote at 1-800-335-8100?
They'll shop the pick of top companies like members of the Travelers, GE, Zurich Kemper, and CNA Insurance Groups, and give you a choice of their best prices for you.
There's no obligation.
Call toll-free 1-800-335-8100 for your free price comparison now.
SelectQuote Insurance Services, 1-800-335-8100.
Example is a 10-year participating term plan to H-95, Form S-1200, Fidelity Life Association, Long Grove, Illinois, a member of Zurich Kemper Life.
Annual premium, dividends unanticipated, available in most states.
WBC News time now at 310.
Let's update the numbers at Wall Street.
Gary Nunn standing by at the BZ Business Week Bureau.
Anthony stocks continue up, bonds down, inflation...
December consumer price index ticked up a notch, up 1.7% from a year ago.
The subdued inflation performance does not yet reflect the impact of much lower prices for imported goods from Asia.
Technology stocks especially hot today.
Investors paying almost no attention to Iraq's standoff with the UN.
Long-term interest rates in the bond market have moved above 5.7%.
GrayOnline says passenger ticket sales were up more than 7% last month.
Passenger miles for December up almost 4.5%.
Kohl National Corp.
plans to close the gift centers it operates in more than 400 Sears stores, focusing on improved sales at its Things Remembered gift stores, where holiday sales were lackluster.
Kohl also plans to expand its optical business, which includes nearly 800 Sears optical centers.
The Dow is up 50 points at 76.97.
Nasdaq Composite up 29.
S&P 509.
Long bond yielding 500.7%.
For Business Week, I'm Gary on WBZ Newsradio 10.30.
Okay, thank you very much, Gary.
And coming up in New England Business at 3.25, Terradino Boston has landed three major contracts in the last four months, and they all have something in common, their location.
We'll tell you about that coming right up.
WBZ News Time 3.11.
The WBZ Accu with the forecast now, brought to you by Horton's Sporting Goods.
And here now is Kerry Schwinnenhammer.
Thanks, Anthony.
A couple of flurries this evening, then clearing brisk and turning much colder overnight.
Lows ranging from 14 inland to 22 at the coast.
A brisk and cold day tomorrow with sunshine, a few clouds high 30.
Mainly clear early tomorrow night, an increase in clouds later on, low 20.
Turning out mostly cloudy on Thursday with a chance of snow arriving in the day.
Continuing right into Friday, high Thursday 32, cloudy on Friday the high also 32.
Next weather in just 10 minutes, I'm WBZ Yankee weather meteorologist, Kerry Schwindenhammer.
And Boston temperature of 48.
Want the best at Bauer?
Meetup Sports has been around since 1956 as host of the 1995 All-Star NHL Fantasy.
Someone in the NHL knew these guys were good.
Want expert skate sharpening or advice on Bauer equipment?
Visit Gordy, Don, and Jay at Meetup Sports on Great Plain Ave for all Bauer products.
How do you make people?
Where can I find real secrets?
Where should I invest my money?
What should I do with my life?
Why is there war?
Is there a God?
What happens when you die?
What is law?
What is truth?
What is theory?
Who am I?
There are two ways to use the internet.
You can skim along the surface, or you can go deep.
Ultavista is the search engine with powerful evening features that get you to the heart of the matter.
From Digital, a world internet leader.
Go to ultavista.digital.com and go deep.
We'll check traffic in 60 seconds, but right now, let's go to the movies with David Brednaud.
Mr. Magoo has always been a favorite of mine and many others of the short animated film department, with that famed Bacchus voice, the squid, the endless trap falls, which the nearsighted Mrs. Magoo always survives with.
Our hero in the days before PC began driving us all up a tree was fun for all.
Now even following threats by advocates for the blind and the visually impaired, Hollywood did make a movie.
Too bad it is pretty bad.
Leslie Nielsen, as good as he is in the detective series and in some other spoofish movies, tries what he may, but the story stretches on way too long.
And now with live action replacing animation, the kinds of ridiculousness we accept in cartoons becomes tiresome.
This one has to do with a stolen gem, who wants it, will find it, and what exactly Mr. Magoo has to do with it.
Don't waste your money.
We'll give Mr. Magoo, too, a dismal two out of five stars.
Tomorrow, a deeply moving film about loss and recovery and more.
I'm David Budnig for WBZ Newsradio 1030.
okay thank you very much david and now let's go out to the rose and ian gordon fills us in this report brought to us by your neighborhood dunkin donuts latest on 128 and it is not good southbound at route 93 in reading there is a three-car crash both directions of 128 are affected until
you should visit Edgewood.
Our residents say their quality of life has enhanced since moving here.
Do you want to continue making your own decisions?
If so, Edgewood may be just what you're looking for, you staying in control of Edgewood.
Do you want to be sure you enjoy life today while providing for the future?
The Meadows, our on-site private nursing facility, is there if you need it.
Do you want to protect your estate?
The Edgewood Return of Capital Plan provides for the return of 90% of your entrance fee.
Have you visited Edgewood?
Come see how you can stay active and in control of your life for now and the coming years.
Call 978-725-3300.
Edgewood is an equal housing opportunity provider.
That's Edgewood at 725-3300.
When it comes to buying a home, some people are afraid to get their clothes wet.
Let's get serious.
Do you know what I really want?
Uh-oh, not another baby?
No.
It's big.
Um, it has doors.
A minivan?
East-West Mortgage.
Understand, putting the numbers and figures together on buying a house is their business.
So all you have to do is choose the home that fits your finances.
Does fixed rates mean anything to you?
Why?
Are they broken?
Pre-qualify for a mortgage through East-West Mortgage and take advantage of 30-year fixed rates with no points and no closing costs.
With fixed rates in the sevens, there's never been a better time to make a commitment.
Finish the sevens.
There's no place like... Uh, Graceland.
Call East West Mortgage now at 617-596-3000.
Refinance through East West Mortgage now, and you could lower your monthly payment by hundreds of dollars.
Mass Lender 172.
Apply online at eastwestmortgage.com or call 617-596-3000.
there's no question about it it's time to sell for a limited time only now through january 24th david and company of wealth is aggressively purchasing your unwanted jewelry they're paying the highest possible cash prices for diamonds three-quarter carat and larger colored precious gems fine antique or estate jewelry watches by public philippe cartier and rollout as well as gold u.s coins and rare currencies
David and Company's staff of graduate gemologists assures you of the highest and most accurate evaluation of your valuables.
In fact, they guarantee their buying prices to be at least 10% more than written reserves from major auction houses.
All transactions are strictly confidential, and payment to you is immediate.
David and Company is conveniently located 20 minutes west of Boston at 180 Linden Street in Welsland with plenty of free parking.
Look for the three red arms.
Call for an appointment, 1-800-DAVID-CO.
or 1-800-328-4326.
Kaplan and SAP classes are starting now in a town near you, including Cambridge, Cape Cod, Duxbury, Linfield, Newton, Orwood, Woburn, and Westford.
Call 1-800-CAP-TEST to enroll.
A little snow showers maybe this afternoon and into this evening, and then some clearing late tonight.
It'll be cold as a kind of a trade-off there down into the 20s.
Tomorrow, mostly sunny with diminishing wind in the afternoon.
Tomorrow's high around 30.
49, and that's not Boston now.
And here's the Piano Trio in E by Mozart.
Trio Karnassus.
Classical 102.5 WCRB.
... ... ... ...
Your book.
Yes, this will be in a new book.
But Bernie knows all about it.
I'm out of a chapter on public libraries, beginning with the Boston public and San Francisco, which is a different situation.
I've spent much time out there.
If you have a couple of questions, why don't I do that?
Well, why don't you just tell me a little bit.
You're talking about U.S.
patent material that goes back in 1872, some of which you said is irreplaceable.
It is always irreplaceable, all of it.
And it should have been out of here on Monday.
So we're working on that.
We've got a core collection of scientists in this room.
We have European patents, PCP patents, British patents back to the 1970s, and a collection of German patents from the number one up to 1930s.
And then we've got a core collection of books.
We have patents in row one there also from 1872.
We have indexes of patents here back to 1790s.